troubling things this is a cautionary
tale instigated but what I believe by
what I believe is the greatest threat to
the United States in the present day
someone reported an unusual smell on the
third floor of Cristo Rey Jesuit High
School yesterday
it got so bad the hazmat team was called
out to test for toxins it turned out to
be a pumpkin spice air freshener the
pumpkin spicing of America continues and
the President does nothing about it you
know it's this started with lattes and
now we have pumpkin spice everything
they even have pumpkin spice dog treats
organic nuggets and even the dog on the
package looks depressed by there's one
thing dogs love its pumpkin but of all
the pumpkin spiced atrocities and there
are many out there this to me is the
most atrocious this is a pumpkin spice
pizza I spoke about this a couple of
weeks ago and as a result of that the
restaurant chain that makes it villa
Italian kitchen reached out and said try
it before you make fun of it
there see see oo even offered to fly out
here to bring one to me and I'm nothing
but if not not fair you know that about
me right Pierre mo right Jim mega here
almost so even though it goes against
everything I stand for even though it
shakes me literally to my
italian-american core I said yes you can
fly out here and I will try it I feel
like I owe it to them and to myself to
at least give pumpkin spice pizza a
chance spice it's pumpkin spice pizza
pie
[Music]
it's one incise hey here we go he's the
pumpkin spice a pizza coming out of the
car and into the studio and here he is
to see
[Applause]
this is the spot here let me put this
right over here there we go no I will I
will try this I need one commitment from
you what is the commitment I need a
2-byte commitment ok so there's so much
flavor ok I want to make sure you get it
all all right all right now and I am
gonna make another commitment to you I'm
gonna be honest if I like it I will tell
you I like it
but if I don't like it which I am I'm
gonna but I do have a couple of
questions short why is number 1 why not
it's all about fun and best way to get
on the Jimmy Kimmel Live show is is to
make something terrible exactly that
you're tasting is believing Jimmy do
your children know what daddy's doing at
work huh they do they do but we try to
keep it very local all right ok all
right so should you home and let's
reveal it and have a look at it look at
we'll see it got a little bit shaken up
ok that's beautiful all right so I'm
examining it now I'm a little smell a
bit to Mike's is there a special way to
consume this I usually very new
york-style all that okay all right very
good
here we go it's just certainly
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
okay mm-hmm mm-hmm you like it don't you
no it's not terrible take that but I but
you know what ordered the regular pizza
from it's like you dumped the pumpkin
high on to a pizza all right well get
some - Guillermo there and I'll give it
a try also we'll see what he thinks
I'll give it up give it up five all
right
but don't do that anymore okay he's gone
all right do you love clicking buttons
and subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy